File upload in Explorer Docs (#409)
apollographql/docs: src/content/graphos/explorer/additional-features.mdx

}
```

## File upload

> The Explorer supports file upload for servers that support the [graphql multipart request spec](https://github.com/jaydenseric/graphql-multipart-request-spec). To run an operation that requires files as input, use the **Add files** button on the **Variables** tab under the operation editor in Explorer. From here, you can set the name of the variable, and select the files you want to upload. Note that if your operation supports multiple files as a variable, you will need to switch on the toggle for that variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Explorer supports file upload for servers that support the [GraphQL multipart request spec](https://github.com/jaydenseric/graphql-multipart-request-spec). To run an operation that requires files as input, click **+ Add files** in the Explorer's **Variables** tab:

<img
  className="screenshot"
  src="../img/explorer-file-upload.jpg"
  alt="File upload in the Explorer"
  width="300"
/>

You can then set the name of the variable and select the files you want to upload. Note that if your operation supports multiple files as a variable, you need to select the toggle for that variable.
```

Reviewer: @mayakoneval I'm not 100% sure what the final sentence means? Like, are you providing _multiple_ files via a _single_ variable?

Author: yes exactly!

Author: there are 2 protocols, one for if you provide one file per variable and one if you provide multiple per variable `file` vs `files` basically

> <img
>   className="screenshot"
>   src="../img/explorer-file-upload.jpg"
>   alt="File upload in the Explorer"
>   width="300"
> />
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
